
Astronomy and Computing (A&C). Published by Elsevier, is a
peer-reviewed journal that focuses on the broad area between
astronomy, computer science, software development and information
technology. The journal aims to publish the work of scientists and
(software) engineers in all aspects of astronomical computing,
including the collection, analysis, reduction, visualisation,
preservation and dissemination of data, and the development of
astronomical software and simulations. The journal covers applications
of computer science techniques to astronomy, as well as novel
applications of information technologies within astronomy.
 	 	 	
The Astrophysical Journal Supplement Series (ApJS) is an open access
journal publishing significant articles containing extensive data or
calculations. ApJS also supports Special Issues, collections of
thematically related papers published simultaneously in a single
volume.
 
The Astronomical Journal (AJ). Published by the American Astronomical
Society, this journal publishes original astronomical research, with
an emphasis on significant scientific results derived from
observations. Publications in AJ include descriptions of data capture,
surveys, analysis techniques, astronomical interpretation,
instrumentation, and software and computing.


The Astrophysical Journal (ApJ). Published by the American
Astronomical Society, this journal is devoted to recent developments,
discoveries, and theories in astronomy and astrophysics. ApJ
publications constitute significant new research that is directly
relevant to astrophysical applications, whether based on observational
results or on theoretical insights or modeling. ApJ publishes articles
that make use of extensive observational data if the data are subject
to astrophysical interpretations.


The Astrophysical Journal Letters (ApJL). Published by the American
Astronomical Society, this journal is the premier journal for rapid
publication of high-impact astronomical research. ApJL publishes brief
reports on the most influential developments across astronomy and
astrophysics. The journal specializes in articles that are timely,
containing new discoveries and results that have a significant
immediate impact on other researchers. Articles published in ApJL are
self-contained, including context that is generally understandable by
scientists who are not specialists in the particular field.


Computer is the flagship publication of the IEEE Computer Society. It
publishes peer-reviewed articles written for and by computer
researchers and practitioners representing the full spectrum of
computing and information technology, from hardware to software and
from emerging research to new applications. The aim is to provide more
technical substance than trade magazines and more practical ideas than
research journals. Computer seeks to deliver useful information for
all computing professionals and students, including computer
scientists, engineers, and practitioners of all levels.

Journal of Open Research Software (JORS) features peer reviewed
Software Metapapers describing research software with high reuse
potential. We are working with a number of specialist and
institutional repositories to ensure that the associated software is
professionally archived, preserved, and is openly available. Equally
importantly, the software and the papers will be citable, and reuse
will be tracked.  JORS also publishes full-length research papers that
cover different aspects of creating, maintaining and evaluating open
source research software. The aim of the section is to promote the
dissemination of best practice and experience related to the
development and maintenance of reusable, sustainable research
software.



Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society (MNRAS). Among the
longest established and world's leading primary research journals in
astronomical and astrophysics, this journal publishes the results of
original research in positional and dynamical astronomy, astrophysics,
radio astronomy, cosmology, space research, and the design of
astronomical instruments.


New Astronomy (NA). Published by Elsevier, this journal publishes
articles in all fields of astronomy and astrophysics, with a
particular focus on computational astronomy: mathematical and
astronomy techniques and methodology, simulations, modeling and
numerical results and computational techniques in instrumentation. It
is a relatively new addition to the peer-review astronomical journals,
and was established in 1996.

PeerJ Computer Science is a multidisciplinary journal for computer
science. High-quality, developmental peer review, coupled with
industry-leading customer service and an award-winning submission
system, means PeerJ Computer Science is the optimal choice to publish
computer science research.

